okay I'm walking down the block with
Dexter Dubrow formerly known as you
change your channel name right yes sir
some people might remember you back when
you did a back when you did a podcast
with me
what was your channel club like the
Lance Armstrong formerly known as Lance
Armstrong he's now evolved into Dexter
Dubrow using his legal name so it was
just saying to Dexter here as we walk
down the shining streets of chiang mai
thailand avoiding the gangs of heavily
armed vegans who are trying to kill me
oh yeah there are you I thought the
repeated warnings that would be stabbed
if I ever set foot in Chiang Mai again
not seem to have been much exaggerated
but um you know I was just saying to him
you do have a lot of negative
experiences reaching out to other people
on YouTube sometimes reaching its people
just talking about the future of the
movement where are we all going to be
five years from now can we make
something positive happen and sometimes
in talking to people because like when I
first got does view I think the first
conversation ever had with you with long
lines of well you know you kinda do have
a bunch of videos to pay me could could
something be done to improve the videos
you have a factor book is attacked and
Dexter agree he was the one guy in a
million a lot of people will write back
to your reply saying yeah well a lot of
people will do the vegan Ava and pretend
they didn't get the message how should
be missing in this community it's
already small enough I think it's
important for people to be compliant and
respectful well the least thing I could
do I mean look I like to imagine that
even with someone like vegan Ava even
with someone who's trying to kind of
make their fame or get attention by
hating on me yeah I like to think on
some level deep down inside we have
something really profound in common
which is that in the future we do not
want to live in a society that's built
on slaughtering millions of animals
doctor you know like exactly what it is
we're willing to do in the next five
years try to achieve that goal you know
then it goal may be achieve the next 500
years yeah but what we're going to do in
the next five years about I don't know
but I'd like to imagine even someone
like that there's something really
profound there's some kind of ethical
kernel we have in common you reach out
to someone say look I know you've made
videos insulting the lying about my sex
life and like the more
to my family life and calling the
scammer and a foster but come on you
know isn't there something give it some
way to build a bridge women fencing club
that's all eight nine times out of ten
it ends in disaster but Dexter it's a
positive example of somebody where I
reached out to him and he was a totally
reasonable human being and I think look
we're having dinner now in Chiang Mai I
think that it's true but by strange
twist of fate yeah we did it we did a
podcast together a couple months ago
yeah we had dinner together and Shane my
but I'm saying to him look you know in
next five years I don't have to be
recklessly optimistic to think that he
and I and a bunch of other
well-intentioned vegans in Canada who
may be met through YouTube who may be
met through other forms of activism that
we can make something really positive
absolutely when you look at the people
who started peda when you look at the
people started PCRM when you look at
people who started Mothers Against Drunk
Driving any other successful movement
civil yet justice civil society legal
fund lobbying organization political
view you look at them say what do you
think they got that we ain't got five or
ten people can put the money in the Hat
put some time and effort together mix it
don't you
but we said are the ones that we sit on
ourselves right on why shouldn't we be
able to do it so yeah in some ways this
is a short-term thing walking down the
streets of Chiang Mai Thailand but the
truth is I am NOT here on vacation I'm
here for a court case business vegan
business I'm on I'm in I'm in the court
case because the futures we can move
with you yeah yeah I mean I'm not here
on vacation and even if you argue on
vacation you are not here on permanent
vacation both of us are looking ahead
the next five years trying to make a
pause difference and that is ultimately
what makes all of the agony I go through
on YouTube work that to make those
connections and build a brighter future
for ecology for animal rights doctor all
right
and here we end this video hopefully
enough in McConnell the McDonald selfie
exactly welcome to chain my Thailand
hands up